Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on Raising Kanan...
Whoa. What is this?
Just grabbing some memories
for your wife.
You're working with him?
He pays more than you.
Cafe Vous.
- To Cafe Vous.
- Cafe Vous.
We get the right clientele up in here.
we can move a lot of work.
I'm asking you. let the club alone.
Don't dirty it up with that shit.
- Don't dirty me up.
- I'm done with South Jamaica.
You're on your own from here on out.
I'm in a fight for my fuckin' life.
- They hurt you?
- No. no.
It's not safe no more. 'Nique.
Wish you'd come wit' us.
Gon' see you soon. J. a'ight?
We got this whole shit
wired and working.
All we missin' is you. brother.
You ready to run the table
on the Southside?
You assured me that your demand
would meet my supply.
I just gotta get my ducks in a row.
That ain't gon' take long.
I can promise you that.
Where I'm from. it is better to be dead
than to betray a promise.
So you and I will be partners. right?
Partnership mean ain't no reason
to start no shit.
We heard back from our friends
in the NYPD.
- Famous.
- Raq hired
some dirty police to kill your friend.
They found the Jane Doe in a stairwell
over at Edgemere.
Why would I kill Krystal. Kanan?
'Cause you don't want me
to have nobody but you.
That's why I gotta do this right now.
We gotta go.
Had to be this motherfucker 'Nique.
He dumped Lou like he was trash.
You also gonna need to pray
for the motherfucker who did this to him
'cause he gon' meet me
before he meet God.
Marvin...
You on your own.
We don't mean nothin'
to each other no more.
So you expectin' me to say I give a fuck?
You ain't never had a enemy
like me. Kanan.
I had you as a enemy
my whole fuckin' life.
Always gotta have
a safe place you can go to
when shit get hot.
Some outta the way spot
where you can stash you and yours.
But that shit just a temporary solution
to a permanent problem.
Long as your head still on the corner.
it don't matter where you hide.
this shit gon' find you.
Only way to stay safe in the game
is to take your ball and go home. nigga.
Ain't no game...
if you don't play.
You made it.
We're so glad that you're here.
Where's Jerome?
Out in the back.
He know I'm here?
Come on. Let me show you the house.
Jerome don't want nothin' to do with me.
It's not you.
He's just scared about what happened.
Jerome has been living in fear
his whole life.
And when we got grabbed up like we did.
that was all the worst shit
he ever thought about
coming true.
I think he's happy here. though.
Least he not scared.
He actually slept last night.
For the first time
since we were in New York.
We gon' be good again. P.
Just gotta put a couple things in place...
and we gon' be straight.
I don't wanna go back to the city. 'Nique.
There's nothing there for us.
- I'm there.
- Yeah. but you could be here.
With us.
We could leave all that bullshit behind
and start something new.
Fuck I'ma do. P?
What fuckin' skills do I have?
It's like all this time
and you still don't know me.
This shit all I got.
All I am!
Without it. I ain't me.
I know you better
than you know yourself. baby.
Because I know
you can do whatever you want.
Because I know if you weren't
born in Southside.
you'd be a doctor or a lawyer
or a senator.
You'd be whatever the fuck
you wanna be.
But I was born in Southside. Pernessa.
And I'ma die there too.
Goin' out.
Of course you are.
Meanwhile. you got me locked up
in here like a prisoner.
Must be nice to be able to come
and go whenever you like.
You wanna leave the house. Elena?
Be my guest.
Hell. you'd be doing me a favor.
Be one less pain in my ass. So go.
Get the fuck outta here!
Christ. I am so sorry.
I'm sorry. sweetheart.
Come here. Come here.
I spoke out of turn.
I'm a fuckin' idiot.
I'm scared. Phil.
Aren't I allowed to be scared?
Of course you are.
I should never talk to you like that.
What an asshole I am.
I know how hard this must be for you.
Comes with the territory.
But we're gonna be okay.
I promise.
Sit down. Listen.
Once everything is good again.
me and you.
we're gonna get dressed to the nines.
I'm gonna take you to Rao's.
All right?
We're gonna get the fish salad.
Spaghetti with the clam sauce.
- The lemon chicken.
The works.
You've always known
the way to my heart
is through my stomach.
And the way to my heart is through yours
'cause they're connected.
You're my best girl.
You're my best guy.
Come here.
Come here. you.
I'll be back soon?
- All right. let's go. Come on.
- Okay. boss.
Everybody's already at Tamerlane.
Don't know what they're
expecting me to say.
Sometimes you gotta
throw some elbows.
The fuck they want from me?
I think the guys just wanna see
that you're still running the show.
Who the fuck they think
is running the show?
It's just. you been holed up
in your house so long.
they need to see your face.
Fuck my face.
Okay if we hit the drive-thru on the way
so I can get a cup of coffee
and something to eat?
I can barely keep my eyes open
after standing guard all night.
About to be at war
with Stefano Marchetti...
this fuckin' guy needs his McMuffin.
Do what the fuck
you need to do. Carmine.
I can't tell if you don't get it
because you don't want to
or because you just can't.
But truth is. either way.
I don't give a fuck.
The curtain's come down. Raq.
Show's over. Time to go home.
I know shit got fucked up. Stefano.
But we was makin' real money.
We can make real money again.
Real money.
Yeah. what about the real fuckin' knife
I just took to my real fuckin' gut?
That's not on me. though.
That's on you and all that shit with Sal.
There woulda never been shit
with Sal if it wasn't for you.
You brought that cocksucker
over the river.
Turned my whole world upside down.
You know. I been doing this
for fifty fucking years.
I never so much as sprained
a goddamn finger.
Then all of a sudden. you show up
and my pancreas turns into
a fuckin' pin cushion.
You're not the only game
in town. Stefano.
I find out you're still working here...
Queens will be so full of Sicilian hitters
there'll be a citywide run on cannoli.
Ply your trade elsewhere. Raq.
Queens is no longer an option for you.
We're finished.
Welcome to Joy in a Basket.
Can I take your order. please?
You want anything?
I don't eat this shit.
Can I take your order?
- Hello?
- Motherfucker!
I chopped it up with this nigga Breeze.
We might end up linking
with him on this work.
but there's another conversation
I need to have
before I can make that call for sure.
We need to be earning. Kanan.
Give me another day or two.
Get your fuckin' hands
where we can see 'em!
Up!
Yo.
What y'all been hearin'
about this nigga 'Nique?
Where he at?
All I'm hearing is he on the run.
Nah. I hear he hidin' out in Hollis
with his girl somewhere.
Split that shit up between y'all.
You hear something
that get me to 'Nique.
there's more where that came from.
- We got you.
- Yeah.
Time to go back to school. Kanan.
Hit them books.
Get you an edu-ma-cation.
We're here to scare you
fuckin' straight. homeboy.
Fuck you.
Raq got y'all grabbin' me up
just like you did my man Famous.
Punk-ass police.
Gon' do me like y'all did him?
What the fuck are you talkin' about?
Shawn Figueroa.
Hood called him "Famous."
That was my best fuckin' friend
and y'all killed him for my moms.
We don't even know who or what
the fuck a Famous is.
Yeah. enough of this bullshit.
Look.
We're shuttin' you down.
Your operation's no longer... operational.
We hear you're up cookin'
in that apartment.
we'll be back for you.
And next time. you won't walk
outta here on two good legs.
Shit been sittin' here too long.
We gotta move it.
How the fuck we even
talkin' about this work.
when the nigga who killed Lou
is still out here?
Is killing 'Nique gonna make us
any fuckin' money. Marvin?
Is droppin' that nigga
gonna move all this weight
we got collectin' fuckin' dust?
I know you busy playing
Truck Turner or Shaft
or whoever the fuck
you think you are right now.
but I still gotta figure out
how to get us paid.
And let me just remind you
that we in this fuckin' spot
'cause of you and your bullshit.
Just like always.
You fuck shit up. and then
I gotta piece it back together.
I wanna put Unique down too.
but unlike you.
I gotta come up with a way
to get these Afghan
motherfuckers off us.
'Cause them niggas
don't fuck around. Marvin.
You don't come correct with them.
they're gonna slit your fuckin' neck
with the same sword
they shoved up your ass.
Yo. you talk to Stefano?
He said we dead in Queens.
Said we fuck with any work
in his neck of the woods.
he gon' put hitters all over us.
Fuck Stefano and fuck Queens.
We goin' to Manhattan.
Mrs. Dixon.
I'm Detective Joseph Garcia.
I'd like to talk to you about your daughter.
Iesha.
These mafia niggas run Manhattan
just like they run Queens.
Different ones.
And nobody know more than us
these dagos
like nothing better
than to fuck with each other.
All that honor and integrity bullshit
go right out the fuckin' window
when they think they can get a leg up
on some other mozzarella motherfucker.
Joaquin linked me with the nigga
who sit over Manhattan.
I'm meetin' with him tonight.
Colombian Joaquin?
He been in business
with them for a while.
See. that's the thing.
More competition in Manhattan.
but it's bigger. so the shit's more open.
Ain't no way Stefano gonna be
cool with us
setting up shop there. though.
Stefano said we done in Southside.
He ain't say shit about the rest of the city.
And he only posted up
in Queens anyway.
He ain't got no juice like that
in Manhattan.
This work right here.
is all we got in the world.
Take it down to Cafe Vous.
Assuming that we can get our
shit up and running in the city.
we can push it out the club.
And we can wash our money there too.
Lou gon' roll over in his grave
seein' us work outta his club.
Lou gon' want us to stay alive. Marvin.
And that club is about to be our lifeline.
I'm gonna be waiting for you.
I'm gonna be back.
Jerome.
Come say bye to your father.
He just got a lot of feelings
that he doesn't know how to deal with.
I love you.
I love you too.
I need to know what's goin' on with you.
Stay in touch with us.
You don't know how much
I needed this hug. Jerome.
You don't know.
Thank you.
What we hearin' from our white boys?
They about to be out.
Them niggas go through
more work in a day
than the corners do in a week.
Should I be a part of this?
You got other shit to do.
I'll get up wit' you later.
What you hear about Uncle Lou?
You know who did it?
I look like the police to you?
Fuck do I know. Juke?
Gotta be Unique. though. right?
Look...
I just wanna eat.
You know that...
Aunt Raq was with Unique for a while.
Who told you that?
She did.
What your Aunt Raq do
ain't nobody business but hers.
Even when she messing with the nigga
who killed your brother?
Fuck you want me to say. Juke?
I know 'Nique killed your Uncle Lou
and I know he's still out there.
And yeah. I also know that
that low-down dirty nigga
and my sister messed around
with each other for a minute.
But what you want me
to say about all that?
What you need to hear?
Just tell me what it is.
I'll say that shit
so you can get
what the fuck you want out of me
and I can eat my fuckin' dinner.
- Hey.
- My brother's Marvin Thomas.
I was hoping I could holla
at you right quick.
As of this morning.
the long national fuckin' nightmare
that was Phil Russo is over.
Yeah.
But I learned my lesson.
With all due respect.
I want nothin' to do with your business.
So while I... I congratulate you
on your new enterprise.
I'm not interested in being a participant.
Now. this is not to say
that I don't want my taste.
I expect it. and I demand it.
I'm just not interested in being involved
in any other aspect of your operation.
No trucks. No ports. No nothing.
So you're gonna need to figure
that all out for yourself.
I won't stand in the way
of your business...
but I also won't be a party to it.
We'll handle all that.
And should someone
come along to replace you.
you'll fight it out
and I'll throw in with the winner.
Ha.
From here on out.
I'm what they call agnostic.
And I got no allegiance to you
or anyone else.
Yeah. we understand.
And honor your position.
Nevertheless. we felt...
like it was worthwhile for you to meet
the principals in our organization.
This is our nephew...
Breeze.
So. you. you ever consider that.
Hurricane or Tornado
or maybe even Typhoon
might have sounded a little stronger?
I ain't all stormy like that. though. boss.
I float in. float out.
coolin' shit along the way.
Breeze.
And I believe you're familiar
with our resident boy wonder.
Kanan Stark.
Him I know.
He's a recent. but exciting.
addition to the team.
It's my understanding that.
you plan on having Unique
join this fuckin' party here.
I'm assuming you know
that he was allied
with the now late cocksucker Phil Russo.
Yeah. but Unique's
still got people out here.
It's not that easy to just move past him.
I disagree.
You work as a call girl too. right?
I'm sorry. I got confused.
I thought you were someone else.
I don't know what you talkin' 'bout.
I'm paying you for your time.
I just wanna know if you ever
tricked in Manhattan.
And if you did.
who was runnin' that work.
I only escort in the outer boroughs.
It's mostly high-end work in Manhattan
and you need a four-year degree for that.
And who pimpin' in the city?
Flossie Siegel's got all the best girls.
Know how I can get to her?
Nah. But I'd be careful.
Flossie can be real scary.
I can be real scary too.
How the fuck you gon' have
that meeting without me?
You sayin' we 'bout to be partners
but you havin' parlays about
this business behind my back?
You didn't miss nothin'. 'Nique.
Just that Italian telling us
he don't wanna get close
to the work no more
but he still want his piece.
Lil' Linguini said that?
The fish guy. Stefano?
Yeah. Him.
Motherfucker got no love for me.
Shit. I was working with the nigga
who poked a knife into him.
Stefano not thinkin' 'bout you. man.
He just want his money.
I know y'all tryin' to cut me out this deal.
Straight up. nigga.
you ain't foolin' nobody wit' your garbage
about your options and opportunities.
You ain't got nothin' but what we offerin'.
All this flexin' and beefin'
is straight vapor. nigga.
Maybe you got some
stray soldiers here and there
but they ain't got nothin' to fight for.
They fight for me.
They fight for whoever feedin' 'em.
And you ain't that nigga no more.
None of that matter anyway
'cause you ain't gettin' cut outta any deal.
You in this. We partners.
Believe that. 'Nique.
I got you.
Yeah.
I made a lot of money
with Joaquin over the years.
Which is why I agreed to meet with you.
But...
I gotta tell you...
our friend Stefano.
he doesn't speak fondly of you.
I could say the same thing about him.
but I won't.
When you talkin' about other people
it's 'cause you ain't got nothin' good
to say about yourself.
So you wanna be in business
in Manhattan?
There's an opportunity here.
For both of us.
But...
why would I go around Stefano's back?
Because we're not goin' around his back.
We doin' it right in front
of his fuckin' face.
Which. knowing you people.
is just how you like to do it.
You know us too well.
You movin' in?
Shit.
Damn.
You scared me. Shirley.
Saw that van parked out front
with some guy standing guard.
I wondered what was going on.
I thought maybe the bank
was finally taking over.
Nah...
just need to keep some shit
here for a minute.
What's in the boxes?
Nothin'. You know. just some bullshit.
Bullshit? Yeah.
That sounds about right.
Manhattan ain't Queens
and Queens ain't Manhattan.
But what works there
doesn't work here. vice versa.
By and large.
we got a far more sophisticated
clientele here.
So the Tiparillos you been selling
on the other side of the Triborough.
it ain't gonna cut it with
the Cohiba crowd over here.
I got connects I can tap into for all that.
To continue my thought.
should I choose to explore
your proposal here.
all I'd be providing
is protection. police. and permission.
Although. the police piece will be limited
because they tend to draw the line
when it comes
to this particular business.
In addition.
I have a big appetite
and I take a very healthy bite.
And as I'm sure you know.
I already got trusted professionals
doing this work for me.
So...
it's important to me
that you don't step on their toes.
It's a big borough. Mr. Bernardi.
There's room for everybody.
Well...
you'd have to establish
your own customer base
and find a way to move your work
around the city.
I got some thoughts on that. actually.
What you know about Flossie Siegel?
I know I look like I was born yesterday
but. believe it or not.
I know a thing or two
about a thing or two.
Those boxes
are filled with trouble. Marvin.
What are you doin'?
We're gonna buy you out of
your share of the club. Shirl.
Me and my sister.
Gonna give you a fair price.
And that's gon' be that.
I suppose this is a non-negotiable offer.
Like I said.
price is gon' be fair.
I don't think Louis would have liked this.
Goddamn right about that.
Then why are you doing it?
Because...
Lou's not...
Lou's not here no more.
Far as y'all are concerned.
shit's business as usual.
We just workin' outta here now.
A'ight.
Money stay the same.
Hours don't change.
We back up.
You double up the Vics?
Also bumped up the Xanax
and the Ritalin.
All right.
We'll circle back in a couple weeks.
Can't trust this nigga Breeze.
Hell. can't trust any of 'em.
Breeze. Snaps. Pop. Lil' Linguini.
See. they don't need us. Kanan.
They just wanna keep you and me
in the fold for a minute
so our crews don't wild the fuck out
before they put us down.
Ain't how I see it.
You ain't been around long enough
to even know what the fuck
you seein'. boy.
These niggas ain't our friends.
our partners. or our people.
And we just a means to an end for them.
Fuck you want. 'Nique?
'Cause I got money to make.
Youngster done drunk all that Kool-Aid.
I want you and me to do our own thing.
Fuck these other niggas.
Ain't nothin' for you and me to do.
We ain't got work without them.
And they about to run the Southside.
How come you ain't askin' me
about your Uncle Lou?
Streets sayin' I put him down.
but guess you ain't get that memo.
Fuck is the point in talkin'
'bout shit that can't change?
Someone dropped one of my family.
they ain't seein' the sun come up.
But maybe you ain't beefin'
wit' me like that
'cause you know I didn't do it.
Who put down Lou? Your moms?
'Cause that would be just like her.
She don't give a fuck about nobody else.
Or maybe it was Marvin.
Sometimes them brotherly beefs
get real ugly.
Nobody know that shit better than me.
Maybe it was you.
Maybe you and Lou got into some shit
because you tryin' to break off
from the fam.
So much drama with all y'all.
I can't keep track of that shit.
But you know what they say
about family. man.
Can't live wit' 'em...
can't live wit' em.
You told this nigga 'Nique about
the sit-down at the hospital.
Had to be you.
Ain't nobody else knew.
And nobody in that room gonna talk.
I just asked him if he knew.
Seemed like something
he shoulda been in on.
You stirrin' up trouble. Taz.
You all sour and shit
'cause you think you gettin' passed over.
I am gettin' passed over.
Yeah.
You are. nigga.
But that shit about to be
the least of your problems.
They circlin' the wagons. Akbar.
They sayin' we good. but...
shit gone bad.
Soon as Phil Russo fucked up the hit...
we was always gonna be
in the crosshairs.
I'ma lay low in Jersey for a while.
Maybe stayin' out the mix in Southside
will get this fuckin' target off my back.
You should do the same.
I can't run away from shit. nigga.
That's my fuckin' problem.
Maybe it ain't about
you runnin' from shit. though.
Maybe you runnin' to somethin'.
Laverne Thomas and her family
are connected to a number
of serious crimes
across the city.
I know Iesha here
is friends with Laverne.
And I'm sure you don't want her
to get caught up in all that.
Yeah. what kind of crimes?
All kinds. Mr. Dixon.
I'm sorry. detective.
but I've been Black for long enough
to doubt anything and everything
that the police say.
so I'm gonna need you to be
a little more specific.
Is it jaywalking?
Littering?
What crimes are we
talking about exactly?
Murder. Mr. Dixon.
Drug trafficking. Extortion.
Crimes that get you
life in prison. or worse.
Iesha doesn't know anything about that.
I need to hear that from her.
Tell the detective
that you don't know anything.
He's been following Juke around
for months.
just trying to mess with her life.
None of what he's saying is true.
This is Laverne Thomas's uncle.
He was just murdered recently
during what we believe was
a drug transaction gone bad.
You may not believe the police.
but believe me when I tell you
that your daughter's in danger.
Mr. and Mrs. Dixon.
We ain't heard shit about Unique.
But this nigga he been rollin' with?
- Akbar.
- Yeah. old roly-poly-ass nigga.
He posted up at this spot out in Jersey.
Yeah...
If he out there. 'Nique might be wit' him.
That's good lookin' out.
Just get me to 'Nique
and gon' be more behind it.
A'ight.
Appreciate you sittin' down
with me on such short notice.
especially since we don't
even know each other.
Well. when Pino Bernardi
asks me to take a meeting.
I only ask when and where.
I'm assuming Mr. Bernardi
mentioned why I wanted to talk.
He did. but why don't you
tell me in your own words.
I'm in a specific kind
of business. Ms. Siegel.
Call me Flossie.
Ms. Siegel is what they're gonna
call me in my Times obituary.
And you don't need to dance
around how you make your living.
You sell drugs.
I'm aware. Pino told me.
And I'm pleased for you.
I love a female entrepreneur. Raquel.
It doesn't matter to me
what the fuck she does.
And he said that your dad
was investigated by the FBI
for. like. all sorts of crimes.
And that your aunt killed
somebody in her house.
He just had this whole list of
shit that your family had done.
My parents are saying
I can never see you again.
I mean. I had to lie to them.
tell 'em I was going to
some friend's from school.
just to be here right now.
What'd you say to the police?
Nothing.
I mean. I don't know anything.
You sure you didn't say some shit
just to get them off you and your family?
You think I would do that to you?
Your parents are right. Iesha.
You shouldn't be wit' me.
Are you fuckin' serious?
I mean. after everything.
you're saying this to me?
Shit between us won't work.
Wasn't ever gonna work.
You gotta go.
You don't mean what you sayin'
right now.
I do.
Fuck you. Juke.
So my girls would be handling sales.
delivery. even a little bit of marketing?
They'd hit up your tricks about
this new service they provide.
and they'd also deliver the work
and collect the money.
But they wouldn't just be
making drops to your clients.
They'd also be couriers
for regular old buyers
who ain't fuckin' wit' your girls like that.
I'm gonna be frank with you. Raquel.
This is not the first time
I've been pitched this business.
I have the NYPD in my pocket.
They love my money and my girls
so we're left alone.
which makes me especially attractive
to someone like you.
But I haven't pursued
an opportunity like this
for two reasons.
First off. solicitation
is a far lesser crime than drug trafficking.
I would much rather do a few nights
in Manhattan Correctional
than a decade in Sing Sing.
Truthfully. though. you do what I do.
you know that at some point
you're gonna be looking
at three hots and a cot.
The real reason
I've been resistant to a venture like this.
is that up until this very moment.
it's always been men pitching me on it.
I'm sure you know how that works.
Within two weeks.
these assholes are telling me
that I'm running my business all wrong.
And then a week after that.
they're trying to elbow me out.
So then I've gotta put a bullet
between their fucking eyes.
I don't want that headache.
and trust me. neither do they.
But this is a different opportunity.
Because you're different.
I am.
I'd have to have a big piece.
And I know you must be breaking off
a hell of a lot to Pino already.
Nobody ever need to stress
about my money but me.
If you down. I'll make it work.
I'm good.
I'm always good.
These New York niggas
never satisfied. man.
Always want more than they got.
And then they get put
the fuck down trying to get it.
I'd rather lay up here
in New Jers with my own shit
than be in the fuckin' ground
with my fuckin' dead hand
reachin' for some shit
that wasn't ever gon' be mines
in the first place.
Where 'Nique at?
You tell me where 'Nique at
and I'ma let you finish
that drink before I drop you.
He said he gon' let me
finish my drink
before he drop me.
This nigga funny?
Guess you ain't gon' finish
that drink after all.
Where 'Nique?
I'm sure they're just Braxton-Hicks.
I don't think they're real contractions.
There's no harm in going to the hospital
and havin' 'em check it out.
All right.
All right. You got it?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. Come on.
Let's go. Let's go.
Come on. sweetie.
- All right. You good?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Put your seat belt on.
They got stairs
at the back of the building.
And I paid off the super
for the key to his crib.
This nigga not gon' hear us comin'.
In case any neighbors lookin'.
You good. right?
Heard some shit about him being
wit' your moms for a minute.
Fuck 'Nique.
Nobody here.
In an effort to hold more accountability.
The decision... an administration
which prioritized implementing
neutrality rule.
Then. last year. the FCC effectively
reinstated neutrality when it...
We just left our stuff in that house.
We can get new shit.
But what about everything
back in New York?
We're done with New York. P.
We ain't never goin' back.
We're startin' over.
The game tells you.
you different than everyone
that came before you.
Tells you that you special.
That you Tony motherfuckin' Montana.
And you believe it. you got to.
Because not believin' it.
is the same as not believin' in you.
See. you the game nigga.
And walkin' away from it means
walkin' away from yourself.
From who you are.
who you always been.
Any fool who ever hustled know
the only thing harder
than stayin' in the game.
is leavin' that shit behind.
'Cause that's leavin' you behind.
But this nigga right here.
this is one of the only cats I ever known
who was strong enough to do that.
Respect.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app